My Family
Level A

I have a big family. I have a mother, a father, a brother and a sister. We live in a big house. My mother's name is Ann. She is a teacher. My father's name is Bob. He is an engineer. My brother and I go to school. My sister is only three. I love my family.

Level B

I have got a family. My family is big. It consists of five people. I've got a mother, a father, a brother and a sister. We live in a big house. My mother's name is Ann. She is thirty-five. She is a doctor. She works in a hospital. My father's name is Bob. He is thirty-seven. He is an engineer. He works at a plant. My brother is older than me. His name is Josh. Josh and I learn at school. But our sister is only three years old. Her name is Kate. She goes to a day care center. I love my family very much.

Level C

I've got a family. My family is big. It consists of five people. I've got a mother, a father, a brother and a sister. I also have a grandfather and a grandmother. But they live apart from us. We live in a big house. My mother's name is Ann. Tomorrow we will celebrate her birthday. She will be thirty-six. She is a doctor. She works in a hospital. She is beautiful and kind. My father's name is Bob. He is thirty-seven. He is handsome and smart. He is an engineer. He works at a plant. He works the most in our family. My brother is older than me. He is already seventeen years old. His name is Josh. Josh and I learn at school. Josh is in the eleventh form. But our sister is only three years old. Her name is Kate. She is very cute. She goes to a day care center. My mother takes her there every morning. I love my family very much.

Level D

I think that a family is the most important thing for every person. Family are the people that always love you, support you and help you. For me it is impossible to live without my family. My family is rather large. There are: my parents, brother, sister and grandparents.

My father is a plastic surgeon; he helps people become more beautiful. He is a professional. My father does his work very well and gets a very good salary. My mother is a housewife. She looks after the house and us, the kids. Mother makes very tasty breakfasts and dinners. Our mother is very kind, but strict to us. She always checks how we do our homework. Mother arranges our free time, so that we cannot just fool around.

My elder brother, Jason, is a student of the medical faculty. He wants to become a good surgeon, like our father. Besides he is also a member of the local theatre club. He plays main parts in several plays.

My sister, Jenny, is finishing school this year. But she has not yet made up her mind about her future profession. On one hand she loves animals and can become a vet, on the other hand she is very good at mathematics and knows some complex computer programs. Maybe she will have a year off to think over her future possibilities.

As for me, I have always loved music. I can play the guitar and piano very well. I love all kinds of music, but mostly I prefer rock. After school I am planning to enter the music college, because I want to become a professional musician. Parallel with that I want to have my own rock band.

Our grandparents are scientists. Grandfather is a historian and grandmother is a linguist. They give lectures in different universities and write serious books. We all get on with each other very well.

Every one in our family is rather busy, but we always look forward to a possibility to spend some time together. My family means a lot to me.